Add --nocapture option to rustdoc (#86230)
rust-lang/rust: src/doc/rustdoc/src/command-line-arguments.md

Rustdoc only supports Rust source code and Markdown input formats. If the
file ends in `.md` or `.markdown`, `rustdoc` treats it as a Markdown file.
Otherwise, it assumes that the input file is Rust.

## `--nocapture`

When this flag is used with `--test`, the output (stdout and stderr) of your tests won't be

> captured anymore. This is especially useful for debugging your tests!

Reviewer: I think it would be good to clarify what "capture" means, in case people don't know:

```suggestion
captured by rustdoc. Instead, the output will be directed to your terminal,
as if you had run the test executable manually. This is especially useful
for debugging your tests!
```
